Using iPlasma is very simple. 

There are two front-end tools that can be used,
namely:
	* DUDE
	* INSIDER
	
	
DUDE
====
1. In the current folder, run "dude.bat"
2. In the main window that opens, do the
following operation:
2.1. Click the "House" icon on left or in the 
"Search" menu select the "Set Root" item to
choose the root folder of the sources you 
want to check for duplications
2.2 Next, choose the parameter either by clicking
the "Wheel" icon (second from the left) or in the 
"Search" menu select the "Set Parameters" item. 
The parameters have the following significance:

  * MinLength - is the minimum number of code lines
    that a duplication block must have in order to
    be taken into account. We recommend a value of
    7-8 lines
  * MaxLineBias - as Dude tries to put together
    pieces of duplication that are close to each
    other, this parameter specifies the maximum
    allowed distance for two blocks of duplication
    to still consider them as part of the same 
    chain. We recommend a value of 2. If you want
    to avoid the building of any chains, and see
    only "raw clones" set the parameter to 0.
  * MinExactChunk - as already mentioned, Dude	
    builds chains of duplication, but they would
    be irrelevant if each block would be very 
    small. This parameter sets how small can 
    each piece of duplication be. 

2.3 After doing the previous steps you will be
able to click on the "Magnifying Glass" icon 
or in "Search" menu select the "Search" item.

3. Duplication will be computed and results
displayed in the main window. As soon as results
are there, you can:
	- browse them 
	- export them (File|Export Results)

4. Exporting results allows you to import
the results later one (File|Import Results)
and thus spare the time-consuming process
of rerunning the search for duplication 
at a later moment in time.
 
Enjoy! :)	   


INSIDER
=======
1. In the current folder, run "insider.bat"
1b. If you want to have included additional metics 
    implemented in the SAIL language run 
    "insider.bat withSAIL" 
   
2. In the main window that opens, select 
the Load|Java Sources to indicate two things:
	- the root directory of the Java sources
	that you want to analyze
	- the name of the "cache" file that
	INSIDER can use to skip the parsing of the
	sources, and load the model directly the 
	cache file directly in INSIDER. 

3. After the sources are parsed and the model is 
   built you can navigate through the model and
   run various analyses.    

3b. If you want to be able to have also the duplication 
metrics computd you need to do at this moment the 
following: 
	- RIGHT-CLICK the "system" entity (the only
	  entity displayed under the "~root[1]" tab)
	  and select "Run Tool...>Dude". There you 
	  can specify the three parameters already
	  described for DUDE. WARNING: this proces
	  may last several minutes for large systems.

4. The two main items in INSIDER are:
	- DESIGN ENTITIES - i.e. classs, methods, variables etc.
	- GROUPS of such entities.
   In addition to this we must say that:
   	- DESIGN ENTITIES have PROPERTIES
   	- there are several "core groups" namely:
   		* package group
   		* class group
   		* method group
   		* attribute group

   	- starting from these "core groups" customized GROUPS
   	  can be formed, by using FILTERS
	 
5. For any ENTITY (including the root entity which is the 
   "system", and which is displayed immediately after loading
   a model) you can:
   	- RIGHT-CLICK the entity in order to see a group
   	  of entities that that can be formed starting from
   	  the clicked entity (e.g. for a class you can display
   	  its group of methods)
   	- DOUBLE-CLICK it if you want it displated with various
          details in the "Browser" placed on the bottom of the
          screen. Notice that all the "links" in the browser are
          ENTITIES and consequentely the operations that we just
          describe apply to them as well.

6. For a GROUP OF ENTITIES you can do the following:
	- RIGHT-CLICK the TAB and select the option
	  ("Select Columns") to choose various PROPERTIES 
	  (i.e. METRICS) to be computed and displayed as 
	  columns in the table 
	- RIGHT-CLICK the TAB and select the option
	  ("Apply Filtering Rule") to choose one of the
	  FILTERS that could be applied to the group that
	  you just analyze             
                         
For more details on working with INSIDER, check also 
the enclosed presentation. 